
LOCATION API ADDITIONAL TERMS

In addition to the terms set forth above, the Nokia Privacy Policy and following additional terms shall apply to Your use of the Location API's and related location-based services ("Service").


1. Definitions

"Nokia Maps Content" means the maps content available from Nokia from time to time for the purpose of being rendered on the Nokia Maps, including data provided by Nokia that originates from third parties.

"Location API Service" means the service offered by Nokia that enables You to incorporate the Location API s For Developers,  the Nokia Maps Content and the Places Content, as made available by Nokia from time to time, into Your Applications and to have end-users access and use it on such Applications.

"Location API For Developers" means the software, as made available by Nokia from time to time that allows the rendering of Nokia Maps Content and Places Content within Applications. For clarity, the Location API For Developers may include software components that are downloaded and installed on the users' mobile device(s) and/or JavaScript libraries that are invoked and downloaded by the Location  API(s) and/or data retrieved from server based APIs, including but not limited to the Ovi Maps Rendering API. "Location API Developer Package" means the Location API(s), documentation and any and all other material made accessible to You by Nokia from time to time that enables You to incorporate the Location API  For Developers into Your Applications and is designated by Nokia as being a part of the Location API Developer Package.

"Location API(s)" means the interface information made accessible to You by Nokia from time to time that enables You to incorporate the Location API  For Developers into Your Applications.

Places Content" means the geo-location content, including rich content (e.g. descriptions, opening hours, reviews) available from Nokia, including data provided by Nokia that originates from third parties

2. Service Offering, Registration and Termination

The Service is made available under a variety of business models to suit Your needs which will form an integral part of you agreement with Nokia for the use of the Software. For information about the Service, please visit www.forumnokia.com/Maps/.

If you do not register for the Service Your use of the Location API For Developers is limited to internal testing of your Application(s) that use the Location API(s) and the Service will automatically disable itself once the access quota for the Service has been exceeded.

If you elect to register for the Service (https://api.forum.nokia.com/ovi-api), You will be provided with a token and/or developer key that will enable You to create Application(s) that use the Location API(s) and distribute such Application(s) under the terms of this Agreement. The number of requests submitted by your Application(s) to the Service may be subject to certain quota limitations as updated from time to time by Nokia.

If You elect to register for the Service, You agree to provide truthful and complete information when registering for the Service and to keep that information updated. Providing misleading information about Your identity is forbidden. You are personally responsible for any use of the Location API Service. You agree to take due care in protecting Your Application using Location API, Your token and/or developer key against misuse by others and promptly notify Nokia about any misuse.  Where requested by Nokia, You agree to include and use the token and/or developer key, as applicable, in each request You make to access to the Location API(s).

You may terminate Your registration if You no longer wish to use the Service. After termination, You may not access the Service. Nokia may terminate Your registration or restrict Your access to certain parts of the Service if there is an indication that You have breached these terms or with a prior notice if You have not signed into the Service with Your identifier code in the past three (3) months.

3. Changes

Nokia may, in its sole discretion, change, improve and correct the Service from time to time. Nokia may also provide with updates to the Service that are considered as important or critical by Nokia, and in such case You may not continue using the previous version of the Service and the use of the previous version of the Service may be prevented without installation of the update. The Service may not be available during maintenance breaks and other times. Nokia may also decide to discontinue the Service or any part thereof in its sole discretion. In such case You will be provided a prior notification and Nokia may terminate the Agreement accordingly.

Except as set forth in Privacy Policy, Nokia shall not be responsible for any removal or loss of the information or content You have submitted ("Material") to the Service when Your registration is terminated. After the Material is removed from the Service by either You or Nokia, traces and copies of the Material may still remain.

Nokia reserves the right to modify or amend these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. If the terms are changed in a material, adverse way, Nokia will provide a separate notice advising of such change. In order to continue using the Service, You must accept and agree to the new terms and conditions. If You do not agree to new terms, Your use of the Service will be suspended or terminated by Nokia.

4. Use of Location API Developer Package

The Location API Developer Package is made accessible to You for the purposes of incorporating the Service into Your Application and for the limited purposes of evaluating, testing, and controlling the Location API For Developers during the term of this Agreement, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2 of these additional terms set forth above. If you have not registered for the Service, You may not distribute your Applications incorporating the Service.

When using the Location API Developer Package and/or the Service, unless otherwise agreed in writing with Nokia, You hereby agree that You will not:

(i) use or incorporate, without Nokia's prior written permission, the Service, Location API Developer Package or any part thereof, in connection with any Application or other service (a) which has the primary functionality of providing turn-by-turn navigation services, real time navigation or route guidance; or (b) where such Application's functionality is substantially similar to the Nokia Maps or navigation/location-based products distributed by Nokia or its affiliates; or (c) which has the primary purpose of capturing or collecting end user data;

(ii) use, without Nokia's prior written permission, the Service or Location API For Developers, or any part thereof, in connection with any internal business Application the purpose of which is directly related to the operation of Your core business and where the users of such Application are Your employees or contractors (e.g. fleet or asset management and tracking);

(iii) remove, obscure, modify or omit, any copyright or trademark notices or other similar notices or markings or legends or branding requirements from the Location API Developer Package, Location API For Developers, Nokia Maps Content, or the Places Content whether such notices, markings or legends or other branding requirements originate from Nokia or a third party;

(iv) alter or manipulate the order of search, geo-coding and/or reverse geo-coding results delivered by or through any Location API to or as part of the Application (where applicable);

(v) alter, delete or otherwise change any Nokia Maps Content or Places Content, including third party content contained in the Nokia Maps Content or Places Content, branding or sponsorship information, that is displayed through the use of the Service or Location API For Developers;

(vi) create an Application which obsures or alters the visibility of Places Content and/or Nokia Maps Content or any other content; or

(v) use the Location API(s) or Service to exceed any transaction volume limits (if any) set by Nokia for Applications, Location APIs and/or Services. The amount of the possible transaction volume limit is as set forth in the documentation included in the Location API. Nokia may change the limit from time to time in its sole discretion, but will provide You with sixty (60) days' advance notice of a change in the volume limit. Any programmatic methods or other actions intended to circumvent the transaction volume limits shall be considered a material breach of this Agreement;

(vii) access, or use the Service any Nokia Maps Content or Places Content through any technology or means other than those provided by the Service or Location API(s), or through other explicitly authorized means Nokia may designate;

(viii) use the Service, Location API or Location API For Developers in a manner that gives You or any other person access to mass downloads or bulk feeds of any Nokia Maps Content or Places Content, including but not limited to numerical latitude or longitude coordinates;

(ix) pre-fetch, cache, or store any Nokia Maps Content or Places Content except that You may store (i) references and IDs; and (ii) limited amounts of Nokia Maps Content or Places Conent solely for the purpose of testing your Application, if You do so temporarily, securely, and in a manner that does not permit use of the Nokia Maps Content or Places Content outside of the Service; or

(x) use the Location API Developer Package, including the Location API For Developers, or the Service in any manner or for any purpose that violates this Agreement or any law or regulation, including without limitation, any intellectual property or other proprietary rights, any right of any person, rights of privacy, or rights of personality; or

(xi) use the Location API(s) to issue queries that are not in response to end user actions; or

(xii) create Application(s) which do not display the results of every such search made by such Application(s) using the Location API(s) to the end user; or

(xiii) distribute in any manner, such as through the Location API(s), Nokia Maps Content or Places Content collected using the Location API(s), or data derived from the Nokia Maps Content or Places Content, including, but not limited to location corrections.

If screen size constraints prevent Nokia Maps Content or Places Content from being displayed with search or detail results, You shall display a notice informing the end user that the Nokia Maps Content or Places Content cannot be displayed.

You also agree (i) to comply with these terms, applicable laws and good manners; (ii) not to distribute or post spam, unreasonably large files, chain letters, pyramid schemes, viruses or any other technologies that may harm the Service, or the interest or property of the Service users; (iii) not to use the Service in connection with any unlawful, offensive, abusive, pornographic, harassing, libelous or otherwise inappropriate Material and comply with Nokia Content Guidelines as may be provided by Nokia from time to time; and (iv) to respect the privacy of others. You agree to comply with Nokia Technical Guidelines and other guidelines as Nokia may provide from time to time.

5. Nokia Maps Content and Publication

Nokia Maps Content and Places Content are provided to You and Your end users for planning purposes only and Nokia does not guarantee the accuracy or availability of any Nokia Maps Content or Places Content. You may find that weather conditions, construction projects, closures or other events may cause road conditions, directions, positioning coordinates or other location information to differ from the results depicted in the Nokia Maps Content or Places Content.  All use of Nokia Maps Content and/or Places Content is at Your own risk.

6. Privacy and Ovi store publication

You agree that Your use of the Services and Location API will comply with the Nokia Privacy Policy (http://www.nokia.com/privacy-policy).

If your Application enables You or any party to gain access to information about users, including but not limited to personally identifiable information, non-personally identifiable usage information or location information ("Information"), You must provide users with notice about what Information is accessible and how such Information will be used or disclosed so that users may make informed decisions about whether or not to use Your Application.  Furthermore, you must make Your privacy policy regarding the use of Information publicly available.

If You intend to publish your Application on Nokia's Ovi Store, please note that Your Application must comply with the Ovi Store Publication Requirements (https://publish.ovi.com/info/).

7. Fees

Your use of the Service may be or may become subject to charges. Nokia reserves the right to charge for the Service and to change its fees from time to time, at its discretion, but Nokia will provide You with sixty (60) days' advance notice if charges will be implemented for use of the Service.

8. Availability

The Service may not be available in all countries and may be provided only in selected languages. The Service may be network dependent, contact Your network service provider for more information.

9. Your Services

You may interact with users, including consumers, on or through the Service. You agree that any such interactions by You do not involve Nokia and are solely between You and the other user(s).

10. Links to Third Party Sites, Content and Advertising

Nokia may include links to sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third parties and that are not part of the Service. Upon following a link to such a third-party site, You shall review and agree to that site's rules of use before using such site.

You agree that Nokia has no control over the content of third-party sites and cannot assume any responsibility for services provided or material created or published by such sites. A link to a third-party site does not imply that Nokia endorses the site or the products or services referenced in the site.

In addition, users may create links within the Service to content that has not otherwise been submitted to the Service. You agree that Nokia is neither responsible nor liable for any such links.  Moreover, Nokia Maps Content and Places Content made available to You by Nokia, may include content and data that originates from third parties.

Nokia reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to implement advertising in the Location API For Developers. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between You and Nokia, and if Nokia implements advertising, You agree not to remove, otherwise alter, tamper with; or obsure such advertising. Nokia will provide You with sixty (60) days' advance written notice prior to implementing advertising in the Location API For Developers.

11. Reporting

You agree to implement those reporting mechanisms specified by Nokia (if any). For example, if specified by Nokia, You agree to provide Nokia with reports if your Application which utilizes the Location API(s) detects its own location through the use of a sensor (including, but not limited to GPS, cell triangulation, WiFi or similar functionality) to display the location of the device on a map or to calculate a route.

12. Additional Export Control Restrictions

The Service and Location API Developer Package, including technical data, includes cryptographic software subject to export controls under the U.S. Export Administration Regulations ("EAR") and may be subject to import or export controls in other countries. The EAR prohibits the use of the Service and the Location API Developer Package and technical data by a Government End User, as defined hereafter, without a license from the U.S. government. A Government End User is defined in Part 772 of the EAR as "any foreign central, regional, or local government department, agency, or other entity performing governmental functions; including governmental research institutions, governmental corporations, or their separate business units (as defined in part 772 of the EAR) which are engaged in the manufacture or distribution of items or services controlled on the Wassenaar Munitions List, and international governmental organizations. This term does not include: utilities, telecommunications companies and Internet service providers; banks and financial institutions; transportation; broadcast or entertainment; educational organizations; civil health and medical organizations; retail or wholesale firms; and manufacturing or industrial entities not engaged in the manufacture or distribution of items or services controlled on the Wassenaar Munitions List. You agree to strictly comply with all applicable import and export regulations and acknowledge that You have the responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, transfer, or import the Service and the Location API Developer Package. You further represent that You are not a Government End User as defined above, and You will not transfer the Service and the Location API Developer Package to any Government End User without a license.




